docs(secrets): Added doc for GCS secrets (#1607)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: reference/halyard/secrets/gcs-secrets.md

---
layout: single
title:  "Secrets in GCS"
sidebar:
  nav: reference
---

{% include toc %}

This document describes how to set up Spinnaker secrets in a GCS bucket. This example uses a bucket (`mybucket`) to store GitHub credentials and a kubeconfig file.

## Authorization
Since you're storing sensitive information you protect the bucket by restricting access to it. Encryption at rest is [already provided](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/encryption/default-keys) automatically without additional setup.

Remember to run Halyard's daemon and Spinnaker services with a service account that allows them to read that content.

## Storing secrets

### Storing credentials
Store your GitHub credentials in `mybucket/spinnaker-secrets.yml`:

```yaml
github:
  password: <PASSWORD>
  token: <TOKEN>
```

> Note: You could choose to store the password under different keys than `github.password` and `github.token`. You'd just need to change how to reference the secret further down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You could choose to store the password under different keys than `github.password` and `github.token`. You'd just need to [change how to reference the secret](#referencing-secrets).
```
